[RyzenAI] Add YOLO and TIMM pipelines for Ryzen (#53)
huggingface/optimum-amd: docs/source/ryzenai/usage_guides/pipelines.mdx

# Ryzen Inference pipelines

The pipelines are a great and easy way to use models for inference. These pipelines are objects that abstract most of the complex code from the library, offering a simple API dedicated to several tasks.

Currently the supported tasks are:

* `image-classification`

> * `object-detection` (Supported model types - yolox, yolov3, yolov5, yolov8)

Reviewer: You could link to the relevant Hub models (with filters)

<Tip warning={true}>
The RyzenAI pipelines requires a runtime configuration file for inference. A default version of this runtime configuration file can be found in the Ryzen AI VOE package, extracted during installation under the name `vaip_config.json`.

For more information refer to [runtime-configuration-file](https://ryzenai.docs.amd.com/en/latest/runtime_setup.html#runtime-configuration-file)
</Tip>

## The pipeline abstraction

> The pipeline abstraction is a wrapper around all the available pipelines for specific tasks. The pipeline() function automatically loads a default model and tokenizer/feature-extractor capable of performing inference for your task.

Reviewer: You could link to Transformers documentation about pipelines, or mention that this is derived from it

1. Start by creating a pipeline by specifying an inference task:

```python
>>> from optimum.amd.ryzenai import pipeline

>>> detector = pipeline("object-detection", vaip_config=vaip_config_patj)
```

2. Pass your input text/image to the [`~pipelines.pipeline`] function:

```python
>>> import requests
>>> from PIL import Image

>>> url = "http://images.cocodataset.org/val2017/000000039769.jpg"
>>> image = Image.open(requests.get(url, stream=True).raw)

>>> detector(image)  # doctest: +IGNORE_RESULT
[   {   'box': {'xmax': 325, 'xmin': 2, 'ymax': 465, 'ymin': 50},
        'label': 15.0,
        'score': 0.7081549763679504},
    {   'box': {'xmax': 630, 'xmin': 347, 'ymax': 381, 'ymin': 16},
        'label': 15.0,
        'score': 0.6494212746620178},
    {   'box': {'xmax': 369, 'xmin': 335, 'ymax': 187, 'ymin': 76},
        'label': 65.0,
        'score': 0.6064183115959167},
    {   'box': {'xmax': 645, 'xmin': 2, 'ymax': 475, 'ymin': 4},
        'label': 57.0,
        'score': 0.599224865436554},
    {   'box': {'xmax': 174, 'xmin': 40, 'ymax': 116, 'ymin': 73},
        'label': 65.0,
        'score': 0.408765971660614}]
```

<Tip warning={true}>

> The detault model is only supported for `object-detection task. For other tasks, please provide the `model_id / RyzenAIModel` for inference.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default model is only supported for the `object-detection` task. For other tasks, please provide a model name (local path or model hosted on the Hub) or a `RyzenAIModel` for inference.`
```
tbh could be removed as well

Author: removed

</Tip>

## Using Ryzen models

> The [`~ryzenai.pipelines.pipeline`] function accepts Ryzen supported models from the [Hugging Face Hub](https://huggingface.co/models?other=RyzenAI)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`~ryzenai.pipelines.pipeline`] function can load Ryzen AI supported models from the [Hugging Face Hub](https://huggingface.co/models?other=RyzenAI).
```

> Once you have picked an appropriate model, you can create the [`~ryzenai.pipelines.pipeline`] by specifying the model repo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have picked an appropriate model, you can create the [`~ryzenai.pipelines.pipeline`] by specifying the model repository:
```

```python
import requests
from PIL import Image

from optimum.amd.ryzenai import pipeline

url = "http://images.cocodataset.org/val2017/000000039769.jpg"
image = Image.open(requests.get(url, stream=True).raw)

model_id = "mohitsha/timm-resnet18-onnx-quantized-ryzen"

pipe = pipeline("image-classification", model=model_id, vaip_config="vaip_config.json")
print(pipe(image))
```

> It is also possible to load it with the `from_pretrained(model_name_or_path, export=True)`

Reviewer: How does this work? Where is quantization done?

Author: The model  in the `model_id` is already quantized

method associated with the `RyzenModelForXXX` class.

For example, here is how you can load the [`~ryzenai.RyzenModelForImageClassification`] class for image classification:

```python
import requests
from PIL import Image

from optimum.amd.ryzenai import RyzenAIModelForImageClassification
from optimum.amd.ryzenai import pipeline

url = "http://images.cocodataset.org/val2017/000000039769.jpg"
image = Image.open(requests.get(url, stream=True).raw)

model_id = "mohitsha/timm-resnet18-onnx-quantized-ryzen"
model = RyzenAIModelForImageClassification.from_pretrained(model_id, vaip_config="vaip_config.json")

pipe = pipeline("image-classification", model=model)
print(pipe(image))
```

Note for a few models, `model_type` amd `image_preprocessor` has to be provided in addition to the model_id for inference.

> For example, here is how you can run inference using `yolox`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, here is how you can run inference using `yolox`:
```
